JUDY WOODRUFF: Good evening.
I'm Judy Woodruff.
GWEN IFILL: And I'm Gwen Ifill.
JUDY WOODRUFF: On the "NewsHour"
tonight:
MAN: I am urging each of you
members of our
community to come together in
peace.
JUDY WOODRUFF: Calls for calm in
Charlotte,
North Carolina, after another
night of violent
protests in response to a police
shooting
rocks the city.
GWEN IFILL: Also ahead this
Thursday, in our
two-part look at how the major
candidates
would actually govern, we begin
with a comprehensive
guide to the early days of a
potential Donald
Trump presidency.
JUDY WOODRUFF: And Making Sense
of the way
marketers try to manipulate
customers making
financial decisions before they
even face
them.
ROBERT CIALDINI, Author,
"Pre-Suasion: A Revolutionary
Way to Influence and Persuade":
What new psychology
suggests, it's the factor that
is top of consciousness
at the moment before you make
that economic
decision that will win the day.
GWEN IFILL: All that and more on
tonight's
"PBS NewsHour."
(BREAK)
JUDY WOODRUFF: Soldiers are in
the streets
of North Carolina's largest city
tonight,
after two nights of violence.
And the people of Charlotte are
waiting to
see what happens next, in the
streets, and
in the investigation of the
fatal shooting
that started it all.
GOV.
PAT MCCRORY (R), North Carolina:
I firmly
believe that we cannot tolerate
any types
of violence directed toward
citizens.
JUDY WOODRUFF: Appeals for calm
came from
all quarters, from Governor Pat
McCrory on
down.
Hours earlier, he declared a
state of emergency,
and sent National Guard troops
rolling into
the city.
That followed another night that
began with
peaceful demonstrations against
the police
killing of a black man on
Tuesday.
But it quickly turned again to
violence.
Someone started shooting during
a march.
(GUNSHOTS)
MAN: Shots fired.
Shots fired.
JUDY WOODRUFF: A black protester
was critically
wounded, and many in the crowd
accused the
police.
WOMAN: When they shot the guy --
they started
screaming no justice no peace,
and then they
just shot him.
JUDY WOODRUFF: The crowd
retreated before
paint balls and tear gas, but
small groups
smashed windows, looted stores
and set fires.
Police denied they had shot the
protester,
but Chief Kerr Putney said today
it's being
investigated.
KERR PUTNEY,
Charlotte-Mecklenburg, North
Carolina, Police Chief: The
allegation was
made that one of our officers
might have been
involved.
As I said before, guys, we are
here to seek
the truth.
So, we're investigating that to
find the truth,
the absolute truth.
JUDY WOODRUFF: The city also
faced growing
pressure to release video of the
fatal shooting
that set the protests in motion.
Officials say Keith Lamont Scott
had a gun
and refused to put it down.
His family insists he was
unarmed.
Chief Putney said today the
video raises more
questions.
KERR PUTNEY: The video doesn't
give me absolute,
definitive visual evidence that
-- that would
confirm that a person is
pointing a gun.
I didn't see that in the videos
that I reviewed.
JUDY WOODRUFF: The chief said
he's trying
to arrange to let the family see
the video,
but he cited state law as a
reason not to
make it public.
As the day went on, the local
district attorney
asked the state bureau of
investigation to
take over the case, while, in
Washington,
Attorney General Loretta Lynch
announced she's
sending in a team of
peacekeeping experts,
and she made an appeal of her
own.
LORETTA LYNCH, U.S. Attorney
General: I urge
those responsible fore bring
violence to these
demonstrations to stop, because
you are drowning
out the voices of commitment and
change and
you're ushering more tragedy and
grief in
our communities.
JUDY WOODRUFF: Back in
Charlotte, some of
the city's biggest employers,
from Bank of
America and Wells Fargo to Duke
Energy, told
workers to stay home.
Meanwhile, National Guard troops
fanned out,
with hundreds more officers also
expected
on the streets tonight.
For some further insight into
what local officials
are doing this evening, I'm
joined by Trevor
Fuller.
He's the chair at large of the
Mecklenburg
County Board of Commissioners.
He's been out in the Charlotte
community today,
and I spoke with him a short
time ago.
Chairman Fuller, thank you for
joining us.
How would you describe the
situation in Charlotte
right now?
TREVOR FULLER, Chairman,
Mecklenburg County
Board of Commissioners: Well,
there's no doubt
that it's very tense.
Thank you for having me, Judy.
It's a tense time in Mecklenburg
County, something
we haven't really seen in our
lifetimes.
And so we are trying our best to
keep things
under control as best we can.
JUDY WOODRUFF: What are you
hearing from people
you talk to in the community?
And we should say Mecklenburg
County essentially
encircles the city of Charlotte.
TREVOR FULLER: That's right.
So, Mecklenburg County, we have
over a million
people who live here,
approximately 800,000
of whom live in the city of
Charlotte.
And what we're hearing is a high
degree of
unrest, uncertainty about what's
going to
happen tonight and the next
several days.
And so what we're trying to do
is to manage
-- manage the flow of
information, to manage
our emotional state, and hoping
that we can
get some calm, so that we can
then have the
dialogue that we so desperately
need.
JUDY WOODRUFF: Do you think it
was the right
decision to bring in the
National Guard to
beef up, in effect, the police
tonight?
TREVOR FULLER: Well, it's clear
that we didn't
have enough resources last
night, and so I
felt it was necessary for us to
have some
additional resources available
to us.
Even if it's more than we need,
I think we're
better off having the greater
resources than
not.
JUDY WOODRUFF: What sort of job
do you believe
the leaders in the community
have done so
far, the police chief, the
mayor, and others?
TREVOR FULLER: Well, I think
everyone is working
just as hard as they can to try
to deal with
the situation that really we
haven't dealt
with in our community.
We have had big events here, but
nothing quite
like this.
And so I'm a little more
forgiving under circumstances
that people haven't dealt with
before.
I think we're doing the best we
can, in particular
our chief of police, who is
trying hard under
very difficult circumstances to
maintain control.
JUDY WOODRUFF: What do you mean
when you say
this is something the community
has not dealt
with before?
TREVOR FULLER: Well, Charlotte
is a welcoming
place, and we like to deal with
our issues
by talking through them, by
developing plans
of action together.
And we are not a community that
has this kind
of disruption.
We are a peaceful community, and
we believe
it's better when we are able to
talk with
each other, even if we have
difficult conversations,
that it's better to talk through
these things
and develop a communal plan of
action.
And so to have these kinds of
unrest and violence
in our community is something
that is just
not normal for us.
JUDY WOODRUFF: But do you see
the justification
that apparently many feel for
being angry,
in that they feel something was
done in the
shooting of this man who they
say didn't deserve
to be shot to death?
TREVOR FULLER: Yes, there is no
question that
I grieve for the family of Mr.
Scott.
I grieve for the people who are
in the streets
who are protesting.
And what I believe they are
protesting is
a sense of helplessness, a sense
of feeling
under siege, that the system
doesn't seem
to respond to them.
And so that's why, in
Mecklenburg County,
I have been talking so much
about the challenge
of economic opportunity.
How can we make sure that
prosperity that's
in this county gets shared by
all?
I have talked about universal
pre-K in Mecklenburg
County, the strength of our
educational system.
So there is no question that the
protests,
the unrest that we're seeing has
a source,
a legitimate source.
Our challenge now is, how do we
get to the
root of that and solve it
without violence?
JUDY WOODRUFF: And what do you
think the answer
to that is?
TREVOR FULLER: Well, the answer
is, first,
we have to regain calm.
We have to regain security,
because, my view
is, when emotions are high,
intelligence is
low.
And so we have got to get our
community in
a place of safety, so that we
can have these
conversations that we need to
have, conversations
about who shares an economic
prosperity, conversations,
difficult conversations about
race.
But it's very difficult to have
those conversations
when people do not feel safe.
And so we first have to
establish safety.
And then we need to not only
have the dialogue,
but also have a plan of action
and execute
on it.
JUDY WOODRUFF: Trevor Fuller,
who is the Mecklenburg
County commission chair, we
thank you very
much.
TREVOR FULLER: Thank you very
much, Judy.
GWEN IFILL: In the day's other
news: Prosecutors
in Tulsa, Oklahoma, charged a
white policewoman
who killed an unarmed black man
last Friday.
Officer Betty Shelby will be
tried for first-degree
manslaughter.
Video shows Terence Crutcher
walking away
from Shelby, his arms in the
air, before she
fired.
The district attorney
acknowledged it's all
deeply troubling.
STEVE KUNZWEILER, Tulsa County
District Attorney:
We need to pray for wisdom and
guidance on
each of our respective paths in
life.
Each of us at the end of our
days will have
to account for our own actions.
GWEN IFILL: If convicted,
Officer Shelby could
face at least four years in
prison.
JUDY WOODRUFF: Yahoo is
confirming one of
the largest breaches of online
data ever.
It says hackers stole personal
data from 500
million of its users' accounts.
The Internet company blamed an
unspecified
state-sponsored actor.
It said the break-in dates to
late 2014, but
was only recently found.
GWEN IFILL: Afghanistan signed a
draft peace
deal today with a notorious
Islamist warlord.
Gulbuddin Hekmatyar is believed
to be living
in Pakistan.
The U.S. designated him a global
terrorist
in 2003.
Hekmatyar's representative
signed the accord
in Kabul.
It grants full political rights
to his group,
and allows him to return to
Afghanistan.
AHMAD GILANI, Afghanistan High
Peace Council
(through translator): I am happy
and fully
confident that the finalizing of
this agreement
will be the start of permanent
peace and stability
in Afghanistan.
On this, I congratulate the
people of Afghanistan.
GWEN IFILL: This marks the
Afghan government's
first peace deal with insurgents
since the
U.S. invasion in 2001.
JUDY WOODRUFF: Police in South
Africa clashed
with university students today
during growing
protests against rising tuition.
Officers fired tear gas in
Johannesburg after
students started throwing rocks.
and they
surrounded a student residence
where protesters
gathered.
The demonstrators say fee
increases will only
add to racial inequalities, with
many black
students unable to afford the
cost of college.
GWEN IFILL: Power is slowly
returning to Puerto
Rico tonight.
The island has been in the dark
for nearly
24 hours, after a fire at a
power plant caused
a widespread blackout.
It's affected 3.5 million
people.
JUDY WOODRUFF: On Wall Street,
stocks posted
more gains, amid relief that
interest rates
aren't rising just yet.
The Dow Jones industrial average
gained 98
points to close at 18392.
The Nasdaq was up 44 points, the
S&P 500 added
14.
GWEN IFILL: And the White House
today welcomed
the winners of the National
Medal of Arts
and the National Humanities
Medal for 2015.
The arts awards went to singer
Audra McDonald,
composer Philip Glass, and actor
Mel Brooks,
among others.
Humanities Medal recipients
included NPR radio
host Terry Gross, author Isabel
Wilkerson,
and chef Jose Andres.
JUDY WOODRUFF: Still to come on
the "NewsHour":
diminishing hopes for renewing
Syria's cease-fire;
the disconnect in the black
community between
civil rights achievements and
recent police
shootings; what Donald Trump
would do on day
one in the Oval Office;
marketing techniques
most of us aren't even aware of;
plus much
more.
GWEN IFILL: The Syrian army
announced late
today the beginning of a major
new offensive
against the rebel-held eastern
sectors of
Aleppo.
This came after a defiant Bashar
al-Assad
blamed the United States for the
failure of
a cease-fire agreement struck
two weeks ago.
Hari Sreenivasan reports.
HARI SREENIVASAN: A rain of fire
lit up Aleppo,
Syria, overnight.
It was one of scores of
airstrikes, the most
in months, and it proved a
thundering, brutal
answer to Secretary of State
John Kerry's
plea for the Syrian military and
its Russian
allies to ground their jets.
Airstrikes resumed Monday, hours
after a U.S.-
and Russian-brokered cease-fire
expired.
In an interview broadcast today,
Syrian President
Bashar al-Assad told the
Associated Press
the blame lies squarely with
Washington and
its allies.
BASHAR AL-ASSAD, President of
Syria (through
translator): We announced that
we are ready
to be committed to any halt of
operations,
or if you want to call it,
cease-fire, but
it's not about Syria or Russia.
It's about the United States and
the terrorist
groups that have been affiliated
to ISIS and
al-Nusra and al-Qaida, and to
the United States
and to Turkey and to Saudi
Arabia.
HARI SREENIVASAN: The White
House today rejected
that charge, but Assad went
further, insisting
the U.S. deliberately targeted
Syrian forces
in a weekend airstrike.
The U.S. military says that was
a mistake.
At the same time, Assad denied
any Syrian
or Russian involvement in the
attack on a
humanitarian aid convoy outside
Aleppo on
Monday.
In Washington, Secretary of
Defense Ashton
Carter and Marine General Joseph
Dunford went
before the Senate Armed Services
Committee,
and rejected Assad's denial.
The general also acknowledged a
rift with
the State Department over a
cease-fire provision
calling for military
coordination with the
Russians in Syria.
GEN.
JOSEPH DUNFORD, Joint Chiefs of
Staff Chairman:
Chairman, I do not believe it
would be a good
idea to share intelligence with
Russians.
HARI SREENIVASAN: Committee
chair Republican
John McCain pressed Dunford on
whether the
Obama administration's Syria
policy, which
prioritizes fighting the Islamic
State and
other militant groups and not
Assad, is working.
SEN.
JOHN MCCAIN (R), Arizona: I'm
asking, is our
military strategy succeeding in
Syria?
GEN.
JOSEPH DUNFORD: Our military
strategy is focused
on the counter-ISIL campaign.
In my judgment, we are
succeeding in that
campaign.
SEN.
JOHN MCCAIN: So, as far as
you're concerned,
we ignore the 400,000 dead and
the six million
refugees that's caused by Bashar
Assad?
HARI SREENIVASAN: As that
hearing was under
way in Washington, Secretary of
State John
Kerry was in New York, meeting
with the Russian
foreign minister and the
International Syria
Support Group in a bid to revive
the cease-fire.
Prospects appeared doubtful, and
Moscow announced
it's sending its only aircraft
carrier to
the Mediterranean Sea to begin
new air operations
in Syria.
And outside Damascus, the United
Nations resumed
deliveries of food and medicine,
sending a
convoy into a suburb of the
Syrian capital.
For the "PBS NewsHour," I'm Hari
Sreenivasan.
GWEN IFILL: Charlotte and Tulsa
are the latest
communities grappling with an
ongoing, enormous
debate over police shootings,
protest violence
and social justice.
It's become a long list, New
York, Chicago,
Minneapolis, Oakland, Baton
Rouge, Ferguson.
Each incident sparks a renewed
and wrenching
conversation within communities
of color.
We explore some of that now with
Rashad Robinson,
executive director of the racial
justice organization
Color of Change, Vanessa De
Luca, editor in
chief of "Essence,"a magazine
for and about
black women, and Andre Perry, an
author, activist
and educator.
Welcome to you all.
This has been a week.
We reported about it last night
on the "NewsHour,"
where we were talking about this
brand-new
museum that is opening in the
Mall, lots of
rejoicing, lots of excitement
about that,
upbeat, and, at the same time,
the same conversations
turn to what's happening in
Charlotte, what's
happening in Tulsa.
Rashad Robinson, there is a
dichotomy at work
here.
What do you see?
RASHAD ROBINSON, Executive
Director, Color
of Change: I think there
absolutely is a dichotomy.
And it speaks to this idea of
that not mistaking
presence for power, that just
because we are
seeing progress, progress for
black folks
in this country has never been
on a linear
sort of line.
We have seen, you know, steps
ahead and then
steps backwards.
And while we see huge steps
forward -- I got
to see a sneak peek of that
museum last night,
and it's beautiful.
It speaks to sort of all our
hopes and aspirations
and also shows all of the
struggles -- while,
at the same time, the presence
of a black
president, the presence of black
billionaires
doesn't necessarily change the
rules, the
rules of policy, the rules of
culture, the
written and unwritten rules that
govern us.
And so we're seeing so much of
that bubble
up, that that alone doesn't
change structural...
(CROSSTALK)
GWEN IFILL: Well, let me just
move on, because
we have a lot of people to --
lot of things
to talk about here.
Vanessa De Luca, are we moving
forward?
Are we stalled?
Are we moving backward?
VANESSA DE LUCA, Editor in
Chief, "Essence":
I mean, I think we're at a
tipping point,
right?
There is so much to be
celebrated, certainly
with the museum, but if you look
at our day
to day, there is so much more
that needs to
be done in terms of
accountability, in terms
of seeking justice, that we
can't ignore.
So there needs to be -- we're
parallel-pathing
our way through this time in our
history.
And we cannot afford to erase
anything.
Certainly, the museum is about
not erasing
our history, and certainly we
want to make
sure, in all of our protests and
all of our
questions that are raised about
what's going
on in our community right now,
that that history
is also not erased.
GWEN IFILL: Andre Perry, eight
years of a
black president, did it change
anything or
did it set us back in some ways?
ANDRE PERRY, Author/Activist:
No, it certainly,
in the sense that when he was
elected, the
day after, the country, at least
many people
of it, felt that they had to
take the country
back, it was a marker in which
we heard to
-- that people felt they had to
regain a foothold,
that they lost their America.
But we clearly understand that
having a black
president doesn't equate to
progress for black
people.
I just want to throw out just a
few statistics.
The U.S. is the only developed
country in
which maternal mortality is on
the rise.
Three to four times the rate of
black women
die at the rate of white women.
Funding for schools has actually
widened between
rich and poor districts in at
least half of
the states in the country.
In my state and home city of New
Orleans,
one in seven black people are on
prison and
parole.
So I would never quibble with
anyone if someone
said desegregation did me no
favors.
GWEN IFILL: Well, except that,
when you listen
to Donald Trump, he's saying the
black community
is in its worst position ever,
ever, ever,
Rashad Robinson.
RASHAD ROBINSON: Well, we can
have a conversation
about the challenges without
including sort
of Donald Trump, who is not
really talking
to black folks at all, but
talking to white
folks in sort of this way of
trying to speak
down to and speak at black
Americans.
There is a deep challenge.
But I come from a family where I
have a father
in his Marine uniform who was
turned away
from using bathrooms in the
South while he
was stationed heading off to
Vietnam, a grandfather
who was a sharecropper and
couldn't read or
write.
So there are deep ways in which
this country
experienced progress, but, once
again, it
speaks to ways in which that we
have to constantly
evaluate the rules, the rules
that govern
all of our lives, and constantly
challenge
systems that hold people back.
And when black people win, when
black people
succeed in this country, it's
oftentimes been
a symbol of everyone succeeding.
And so, as there's been
challenges, black
folks have oftentimes been the
canary in the
mine.
So what we're seeing in the
streets, this
struggles, the issues around
sort of generational
poverty, they're not just
impacting black
folks, but there is this idea
that we oftentimes
say is that, when America gets
the cold, black
people oftentimes get the flu.
GWEN IFILL: Vanessa De Luca, on
the cover
of your magazine this month,
there is a striking
photograph of Barack and
Michelle Obama which
looks kind of like a farewell
from the black
community to the first black
president and
first lady.
But I wonder if -- do your
readers respond
to you with hope or kind of
despair?
VANESSA DE LUCA: Well,
certainly, there is
this kind of longing and wanting
for the Obama
administration and the Obama era
to last longer,
without a doubt.
But there is hope that, in the
next -- whoever
that next administration is,
that they will
be cognizant of what is
important to us, that
they will try to address some of
the issues.
And we will hear more about that
at the presidential
debate on Monday.
Really, what do they stand for
and what don't
they not stand for in terms of
what resonates
with our black community?
And that's what I think people
are kind of
hopeful for.
We just want to hear a word, and
a word that
makes sense for everything
that's going on
around us that speaks to how
we're going to
move forward.
GWEN IFILL: Andre Perry, what's
a leader's
responsibility in this, whether
it's a president
or a county commissioner like
who we talked
to earlier, Trevor Fuller, or --
and why should
it matter at all to the broader
community?
ANDRE PERRY: Well, it's not too
much to demand
that we're not shot dead in the
street.
It's not too much for us to
demand that we
get clean water in Michigan.
Some of the things that we are
asking for
are basic human rights.
And so when I look out at the
presidential
landscape, it's not our job just
to anoint
Hillary or Trump, just because
one is a Democrat
or Republican.
We really have to charge them
with having
an explicit agenda for black
people.
And so it's not about hope for
me.
It's about who's going to
deliver the political
goods that we have yet to see
thus far, and
certainly since the Obama
administration and
beyond.
GWEN IFILL: Well, let me ask you
all to take
a huge step backward and talk
about perception.
We saw in the helicopter footage
of what happened
in Tulsa this week one of the
police officers
very far off the ground look at
the man, Terence
Crutcher, who was later killed
and call him
a bad dude.
Clearly, there were some
preconceptions, Rashad
Robinson, some idea, even from a
distance,
that this person must be a
criminal.
Are perceptions as much a part
of the problem
here as reality?
RASHAD ROBINSON: It absolutely
is.
It's absolutely about the
culture, the sort
of daily hostile environment.
And it's not just simply about
getting a job,
right, or being treated fairly
in a hospital,
but it's about being able to
rent a room.
And I also want to put on the
table that it
just wasn't what the helicopter
-- what they
said in the helicopter about him
being a bad
guy, but it was after he was
shot and laying
on the ground, and no one rushed
to give him
medical attention.
It speaks to this hostile world
that black
people have to live in, the lack
of humanity.
So, first of all, the lack of
benefit of a
doubt of who he was, and then
the lack of
humanity as he laid on the
ground bleeding,
and medical help to save his
life wasn't sort
of a first thing that someone
wanted to do,
speaks to a way in which black
people have
to -- the things that black
people have to
contend with every day when we
show up to
a hospital, when we show up to a
courtroom.
VANESSA DE LUCA: Right.
GWEN IFILL: Let me ask you
Vanessa De Luca,
so maybe we can end on something
of a hopeful
note, if there is such a thing,
which is,
what do we do about this, other
than have
another national dialogue,
another conversation?
VANESSA DE LUCA: Well, I mean, I
think, certainly,
people need to use their vote as
their voice,
right, that we fought so hard
for that.
And the idea that there are some
camps that
are saying that they're not
going to vote
at all is just unconscionable.
We fought too hard to get this
right, and
it really does have an impact.
I know there is the popular vote
vs. the electoral
vote, but people actually need
to exercise
their right to vote and to make
sure they
are voting for people who are
serving their
best interests.
So, I would say let's still --
let's not pass
that off as something that is
just kind of
like a throwaway, but let's
really embrace
and not fritter away what so
many generations
fought so hard for us to be able
to do.
GWEN IFILL: Vanessa De Luca,
editor in chief
of "Essence" magazine, Andre
Perry, a writer
from New Orleans, Rashad
Robinson of Color
of Change, thank you all.
RASHAD ROBINSON: Thank you.
VANESSA DE LUCA: Thank you.
ANDRE PERRY: You're welcome.
JUDY WOODRUFF: In the race to
the White House,
the candidates are taking
different approaches
in the final days leading up to
the first
debate.
John Yang reports.
JOHN YANG: This morning, Donald
Trump offered
his take on the unrest that has
gripped Charlotte
the past two nights.
DONALD TRUMP (R), Presidential
Candidate:
The people who will suffer the
most as a result
of these riots are law-abiding
African-American
residents who live in these
communities where
the crime is so rampant.
Drugs are a very, very big
factor in what
you're watching on television at
night.
JOHN YANG: He said his tough law
and order
agenda, which now includes
backing stop and
frisk, a practice a federal
judge said discriminated
against minorities, would
benefit black Americans.
DONALD TRUMP: Our job is not to
make life
more comfortable for the violent
disrupter,
but to make life more
comfortable for the
African- American parent trying
to raise their
kids in peace.
JOHN YANG: World peace with was
the topic
of a letter from 75 retired
career diplomats
slamming Trump as entirely
unqualified to
serve as president.
Most of the diplomats who signed
the letter
haven't been publicly associated
with politics.
Meanwhile, a Politico analysis
of campaign
finance reports found that the
Trump campaign
has paid Trump's businesses $8.2
million.
That's about 7 percent of the
campaign's total
spending.
Hillary Clinton spent the day
behind closed
doors preparing for Monday
night's debate.
That left running mate Tim Kaine
as the campaign's
top messenger.
SEN.
TIM KAINE (D-VA), Vice
Presidential Candidate:
Where we see challenges all over
the country,
challenges of gulfs and gaps
that exist between
communities and law enforcement,
we have got
to put them on the table.
They're not easy, but we can do
that with
a calm and peaceful spirit.
JOHN YANG: Clinton also reached
out to millennial
voters, appearing on the new
installment of
comic Zach Galifianakis' Web
series "Between
Two Ferns" that went online this
morning.
For the "PBS NewsHour," I'm John
Yang.
JUDY WOODRUFF: There's been no
shortage of
attention paid to who might win
the presidential
election this November, but what
promises
can they deliver once in office?
Tonight, we examine what the
early days of
a Trump presidency might look
like, and whether
the next Congress would be an
ally or a thorn
in his side.
For that, we turn to Evan Osnos,
a staff writer
for "The New Yorker" magazine,
and Seung Min
Kim.
She's a congressional reporter
for Politico.
And welcome to both of you.
Evan, I'm going to start with
you.
You did write a sort a story for
the latest
"New Yorker" about what Trump
would do in
his early days in office.
Let's go down the list.
You start with suggesting he
would renounce
this global agreement on climate
change.
How would that work?
What could he do?
EVAN OSNOS, "The New Yorker":
Well, the campaign
is preparing what's been
described as the
first day project, which would
be an effort
to try to do a large number of
things right
away using the powers of the
executive office,
using the powers of the
presidency.
They're planning on 25 things.
So, if they started, for
instance, one of
the ones that they are weighing
is to renounce
the Paris climate change.
That -- the president has legal
authority
to do it.
It's much the way that George W.
Bush when
he came into office in 2001 was
able to, for
instance, remove the United
States from an
agreement on the International
Criminal Court.
There is nothing that stops a
president from
doing that.
And they could also do other
things.
For instance, he could roll back
some environmental
regulations that have been
imposed by the
Obama administration, and he
could also redirect
the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco
and Firearms
to say you no longer need to
deliver background
-- to do background checks on
gun purchases
the way that you were directed
to do so under
Obama.
JUDY WOODRUFF: So he could take
some substantive
steps in the early days that
wouldn't require
any congressional action.
Seung Min, let me return to you.
I think the assumption has been,
if Donald
Trump wins, he is probably going
to keep a
Republican Senate and a
Republican House.
So if he makes moves like this,
the presumption
is, there is not going to be
much pushback
from the Hill.
SEUNG MIN KIM, Politico: It
depends on the
form of his proposals make.
The executive order action part
of this is
really interesting, because what
you have
heard from Republicans and here
in Congress
for the last several years is,
they're basically
calling President Obama the
imperial president,
that he has acted too much on
his own without
the will of the Congress to
accomplish his
agenda.
So, a lot of these goals perhaps
on climate,
environmental issues, a
President Donald Trump
may share with Republicans in
Congress.
But if they don't, it will be
interesting
to see what they -- what their
response is
to how a President Trump deals
with kind of
the executive powers -- or the
powers of the
executive branch.
JUDY WOODRUFF: Evan, one other
thing we know,
one of the many things Donald
Trump has talked
about is suspending the Syrian
refugee program.
The president has been talking
about increasing
that number to over 100,000.
What is it that Trump is looking
at doing?
EVAN OSNOS: Trump is -- Trump's
advisers have
told me that they're considering
on day one
suspending the program.
And they can do that under
presidential authority,
because they can say that
refugees from a
specific part of the world
represent a threat
to American security.
That's the sort of legal basis.
And then more broadly, of
course, he's talking
about a major change in American
immigration.
And he would also have the legal
power to
say we're going to vastly expand
and accelerate
the pace of deportations.
JUDY WOODRUFF: And what about
the wall?
EVAN OSNOS: The wall, which has
been the central
promise of his candidacy, would
take a little
bit of footwork legislatively.
So, for instance, you have -- if
it's estimated
to cost $25 billion, you're
either going to
have to get somebody in Congress
to appropriate
that for you or, more likely,
whatever everybody
is telling me, after
negotiations, after the
horse-trading, he would probably
end up with
a small symbolic extension of
the border fence
which has already been in place
since 2006.
That has been in place since
2006.
Newt Gingrich, who is Trump's
political adviser,
tells me, look, he has to do
something on
the wall for political reasons.
If he doesn't, he has no
credibility.
JUDY WOODRUFF: Because it's been
one of the
central pieces of his -- of
everything that
he has talked about.
Seung Min, so what about from
Congress?
If Donald Trump starts to
completely get rid
of the Syrian refugee intake, if
he starts
to make moves on the wall and
immigration,
what's the reaction likely to be
on the Hill?
SEUNG MIN KIM: The reaction is
going to be
-- it depends.
You have seen obviously how
Donald Trump has
made waves in his campaign with
his positions
on immigration.
Now, in terms of the broader
immigration proposals,
he is really going to need
Congress to appropriate
the money, if he does want to
ramp up the
pace of deportations to build
the wall.
But we have also seen -- you
have to remember
dynamics particularly in the
Senate next year.
Under a Trump presidency,
clearly very, very
likely that Republicans will
have retained
control.
However, very unlikely that they
Will have
the 60 votes necessary to
advance basically
any legislation in the Senate.
JUDY WOODRUFF: Evan, let me turn
you quickly
to foreign policy, but to trade.
Donald Trump has talked a lot
about doing
away with TPP, the Trans-Pacific
Partnership
agreement, and that leads to
questions about
U.S. relations with China.
EVAN OSNOS: He could renounce
TPP.
He could renegotiate NAFTA.
And, by the way, he could also
impose tariffs
on specific categories of goods
from China.
He can do that on day one.
He can direct the Commerce
Department to bring
cases under the WTO.
What's interesting too -- and I
think people
don't -- underestimate this from
outside -- is
that if the WTO said, well, your
actions are
illegal, he could actually
withdraw the United
States from the WTO.
JUDY WOODRUFF: This is the World
Trade Organization.
EVAN OSNOS: The World Trade
Organization,
exactly, which has been the
basis of sort
of the rules of fair trade for
decades.
If they objected, he could say
we're pulling
out, the same way that George W.
Bush pulled
the United States out of the
anti-ballistic
missile treaty.
JUDY WOODRUFF: And, Seung Min,
if that's what
happens, what's the reaction on
the Hill?
SEUNG MIN KIM: I think, on
trade, it's actually
a bit interesting.
Donald Trump on trade,
specifically the Trans-Pacific
Partnership, has been the one
area where he
really has had an influence on
members of
Congress.
You see the reaction from
Republican senators
who are up for reelection next
year, people
such as Ohio's Rob Portman,
who's a former
U.S. trade representative, and
Pennsylvania's
Pat Toomey, who has voted for a
multitude
of free trade deals in Congress.
JUDY WOODRUFF: Right.
SEUNG MIN KIM: They're now all
running away
from the Trans-Pacific
Partnership, saying,
this has provisions in it that I
cannot support,
it's bad for Ohio, it's bad for
Pennsylvania.
So, you could actually see them,
obviously,
if those senators are reelected,
to go along
with Donald Trump on ripping up
the TPP and
starting over.
And you would actually have a
lot of support
from Democrats as well, because,
obviously,
backed by the unions, Democrats
have really
disliked the TPP.
JUDY WOODRUFF: Sure.
Just one final quick question to
you, Evan.
And that is on the Iran nuclear
deal.
What would Donald Trump do, we
expect?
EVAN OSNOS: Donald Trump has
said that he
would renegotiate the deal.
Now, it's worth noting that if
he says -- if
he does that, that could
constitute a violation
of the terms of the deal from
Iran's perspective,
which would then give Iran
permission to restart
its nuclear plant.
JUDY WOODRUFF: There's a lot to
consider here.
Much more to go, but this
certainly gives
us a sense of what the early
days could look
like.
Evan Osnos and Seung Min Kim, we
thank you
both.
SEUNG MIN KIM: Thanks for having
me.
JUDY WOODRUFF: Tomorrow, we will
explore what
the early days of a Clinton
presidency might
entail.
GWEN IFILL: And now we continue
our coverage
of the issues of this campaign,
tonight, health
care, and specifically what's at
stake for
President Obama's signature
domestic achievement,
the Affordable Care Act, often
referred to
as Obamacare.
It's turned into a significant
issue in some
states, like Arizona, where
polls show Hillary
Clinton in a tight contest with
Donald Trump.
Special correspondent Sarah
Varney looks at
those concerns and the
candidates' plans.
This story was produced in
collaboration with
our partner Kaiser Health News.
SARAH VARNEY: Just weeks before
the presidential
election, Tempe, Arizona
resident Josephine
has spent nearly every morning
driving, waiting,
and back at home worrying.
Once uninsured, she was recently
diagnosed
with breast cancer and gets
health coverage
through Obamacare.
The 61-year-old, who goes by Jo,
says she
trusts just one candidate to
keep her covered.
HILLARY RODHAM CLINTON (D),
Presidential Candidate:
I will continue to improve the
Affordable
Care Act.
I will work to get the costs
down, premiums,
co-pays, deductibles,
prescription drug costs.
(CHEERING AND APPLAUSE)
SARAH VARNEY: Hillary Clinton
has offered
detailed plans to preserve and
expand the
law, even pushing for a public
option, a type
of government-run insurance
plan.
She also wants to expand tax
subsidies to
reduce health care costs and
allow people
55 and older to buy into
Medicare.
DONALD TRUMP (R), Presidential
Candidate:
We're going to repeal and
replace Obamacare
so quickly.
(CHEERING AND APPLAUSE)
SARAH VARNEY: Meanwhile, Donald
Trump wants
to replace the health law with a
handful of
smaller measures, like allowing
insurance
to be sold across state lines
and tax deductions
for premiums.
Health policy experts say these
approaches
would cover far fewer people
than the Affordable
Care Act.
WOMAN: I hope you will consider
voting Donald
Trump for president.
He's a businessman who will
really shake things
up in Washington.
MAN: I'm just calling Democrats
like you to
ask if you're going to join me
in supporting
Hillary Clinton this year in
Arizona.
SARAH VARNEY: As both campaigns
ramp up their
ground game here, this longtime
red state
is in play.
Six years after the health law
was signed,
Arizona stands out as a good
example of what's
at stake this election.
This staunchly conservative
state expanded
Medicaid to low-income adults.
But in the health insurance
marketplace, private
insurance companies are pulling
out, and Arizonans
are facing steep premium
increases, leaving
many to wonder, what's next for
the Affordable
Care Act?
At trivia night at Carly's
Bistro in downtown
Phoenix, which draws a younger
crowd, many
here have been able to get
health coverage
because of the law, and they say
they will
vote to protect it.
VANESSA CASTILLO, Arizona: Trump
would so
severely limit the care that
many people could
get that are in positions like
me that have
severe illnesses that would --
that affect
their lives.
SARAH VARNEY: But there's plenty
of criticism
too.
SAM BLANKENSHIP, Arizona: I
think there's
a lot of work that could be
done, but it's
still definitely better than how
it used to
be.
SCOTT ENGLISH, Arizona: My take
is really
less government is better.
It seems like everything that
the government
decides to manage, they don't
manage effectively
or efficiently.
SARAH VARNEY: In Phoenix's
sprawling subdivisions,
some of that frustration arises
from the turbulent
individual insurance market in
Arizona, which
has caused headaches for Joanne
Ouellette
(ph) and her insurance broker,
Michael Malasnik.
MICHAEL MALASNIK, Insurance
Broker: Joanne!
JOANNE OUELLETTE:, Arizona.
Hey, Mike.
How are you?
I wanted to know some
information about, what
am is going to do?
My insurance company with the
Affordable Care
Act, Aetna, I hear they're
pulling out of
Arizona.
SARAH VARNEY: When the
marketplace for individual
insurance coverage in Arizona
first opened,
eight companies vied for
consumers.
After three years of low
enrollment and
higher-than-expected
medical claims, only one insurer
remains in
about half the counties.
Malasnik says he's already
getting calls for
the upcoming enrollment period.
MICHAEL MALASNIK: Frustration
and anger at
this point.
And then you also have a lot of
people that
are just getting worn down.
It's like, it's more of the same
to them.
SARAH VARNEY: In her wood shop
in Mesa, the
exodus has raised questions for
Leah Sondergeld
(ph) about adequate access to
medical care,
the potential for price-gouging,
and the durability
of the marketplace.
LEAH SONDERGELD, Arizona: This
is an example
of one of the forms to fill out
for Kate's
(ph) medication.
SARAH VARNEY: Sondergeld, who is
self-employed,
has been forced to switch plans
each year
as insurers have come and gone.
Her eldest daughter, Kate, was
diagnosed with
epilepsy last year, and with
each switch comes
frantic questions.
LEAH SONDERGELD: What if they
won't cover
her current medication?
What if they won't keep her
neurologist?
What are we going to do?
With one of the doctors, during
that first
transition with
UnitedHealthcare, she was
four days without medications.
She was four days -- I had to
watch her have
seizures.
SARAH VARNEY: After a medical
leave, Kate
Sondergeld, age 25, is back to
her astronomy
classes at the University of
Arizona in Tucson.
Finding a medication that worked
was no small
matter.
KATE SONDERGELD, Epileptic: My
first one,
I was severely allergic to.
I had a bad reaction to it, and
then the second
one was kind of when things
started going
downhill even more.
I was blanking out.
I have absent seizures.
SARAH VARNEY: Kate doesn't want
the health
law repealed.
She remembers when she was a
child and was
denied coverage because of a
preexisting condition.
Her mother, Leah, says Congress
should prevent
insurers from quitting the
marketplace.
LEAH SONDERGELD: I don't care
about what the
Republicans think.
I don't care what the Democrats
want to do
to change.
Just tell Blue Cross/Blue
Shield, hey, guess
what?
You're going to keep this
person.
SARAH VARNEY: The drop in
competition isn't
just in Arizona, says Caroline
Pearson from
the Washington-based consulting
firm Avalere
Health.
Pearson says more than a third
of regions
across the country may end up
with only one
insurer available, especially in
rural areas.
She says Congress will need to
pass some fixes
to the law in 2017.
CAROLINE PEARSON, Avalere
Health: Improvements
to risk adjustment and
potentially other programs
to help stabilize the market,
and then some
very creative solutions to
figure out, how
do we actually get younger,
healthier people,
middle-income people into the
exchanges?
How do we make these plans that
they want
to buy, that they think are
valuable?
SARAH VARNEY: Despite the
problems with the
law, those who need insurance
coverage like
Jo are doing better because of
it.
After years without seeing a
doctor, Jo was
able to get a checkup, which led
to her cancer
diagnosis and treatment.
Studies suggest that because of
the law, patients
are more likely to have a
regular doctor and
get preventive health care,
including vaccines
and cancer screenings.
And they're less likely to
postpone treatment
because they can't afford it.
WOMAN: I got a primary care
doctor, which
I hadn't had a primary care
doctor for a decade.
And from the primary care, it
just went from
there, the tests and the
mammograms and the
ultrasounds and the MRIs and all
that stuff.
SARAH VARNEY: Jo felt so
strongly about being
one of the 20 million people
who've gained
coverage since President Obama
signed the
health law, she wrote a letter
to the White
House.
WOMAN: But then I got this in
the mail.
"Thank you for writing."
He was encouraged to hear about
people who
had benefited from the
Affordable Care Act,
signed Barack Obama.
SARAH VARNEY: She said, without
the law's
consumer protections that
require insurers
to cover people with preexisting
conditions,
she would be bankrupt or dead.
But Trump volunteer Diana Brest
thinks the
law has caused more harm than
good and supports
Trump's vow to repeal it.
At 66 and on Medicare, she
blames the law
for driving up premiums for
others.
DIANA BREST, Arizona: Some
people said it
was going to help, but I knew
right away it
wasn't.
I spoke to Donald Trump about
that two rallies
ago.
And he indicated that he was
going to address
those that are having problems
with insurance.
And I know, knowing Donald
Trump, that he
will address it.
SARAH VARNEY: But the debate
over the health
law has often ignored a group
that has seen
widespread improvements from
Obamacare, low-income
adults, like 45-year-old Alfred
Mendoza of
Phoenix, who are now eligible
for Medicaid.
More people have gained coverage
in this way
than in all of the exchanges
combined.
A new study suggests that people
living in
the 31 states that expanded
Medicaid, like
Arizona, were more likely to
report being
in better health.
ALFRED MENDOZA, Arizona: My
gastroenterologist,
Dr. Shea (ph), she advised me to
go ahead
and get the C.T. scan.
So, we got the C.T. scan.
SARAH VARNEY: Mendoza, a truck
driver who
suffered a head injury from a
crash, went
years without health insurance.
Now, with Medicaid, he's finally
getting treated.
ALFRED MENDOZA: I don't have the
funds, the
means to pay for a C.T. scan, to
an MRI.
It's a lot of money.
But to go see a specialist, you
know, that's
a lot of money.
So, for me, it's a 10.
SARAH VARNEY: A flood of new
Medicaid patients
have been arriving at community
clinics around
Arizona with a backlog of
untreated conditions,
like high blood pressure and
uncontrolled
diabetes.
Medical providers say getting
this population
healthier will take time, but
they're making
progress.
Back in Phoenix, at Carly's
Bistro, the next
question will be how much any of
this will
weigh on a divided electorate as
voters head
to the polls.
Early voting in Arizona begins
October 12.
For the "PBS NewsHour" and
Kaiser Health News,
I'm Sarah Varney.
JUDY WOODRUFF: Now: the power of
persuasion
and how there are ways to
influence the thinking
of potential consumers.
Paul Solman bring us his latest
Making Sense,
which airs Thursdays.
PAUL SOLMAN: I have heard it
said that the
most valuable thing in today's
world, postindustrial
world, is the human being's
attention and
how to get it.
Is that true?
ROBERT CIALDINI, Author,
"Pre-Suasion: A Revolutionary
Way to Influence and Persuade":
I believe
that.
PAUL SOLMAN: Psychology
professor Robert Cialdini,
marketing maven, art enthusiast,
palm reader.
ROBERT CIALDINI, I used to be a
palm reader,
and I learned the trick that
they use to make
people say they're right almost
always.
PAUL SOLMAN: So, what was the
trick?
In the '80s, Cialdini wrote an
attention-getting
classic, "Influence: The
Psychology of Persuasion,"
intended to arm consumers
against manipulative
marketers.
But those who made the book
famous were the
persuaders themselves, who make
a living beckoning
us every step we take.
ROBERT CIALDINI: Those ads,
those signs, that's
old-school persuasion, directing
people's
minds to the content.
PAUL SOLMAN: In recent years,
however, Cialdini
has made a new discovery about
how to spin
friends and influence people.
ROBERT CIALDINI: What I'm
talking about is
pre-suasion, directing their
minds to the
moment before they experience
the content.
PAUL SOLMAN: Yes, pre-suasion,
the title of
his new book.
ROBERT CIALDINI: Pre-suasion is
the practice
of getting people sympathetic to
your message
before they experience it.
PAUL SOLMAN: Before they even
hear it even.
ROBERT CIALDINI: It is what you
say immediately
before you deliver your message
that leverages
your success tremendously.
PAUL SOLMAN: Or, if you are the
message, that
plays you like a puppet.
ROBERT CIALDINI: The best
salesman I ever
saw told people, I left
something in the car.
Can I get your key to let myself
back in?
I have an acquaintance who
claims he got three
great jobs by saying something
before he began
the job interview in each
instance.
And I have a friend who's a
consultant who
says, he never gets pushback on
the price
he offers for his services if he
says one
thing first.
PAUL SOLMAN: And pre-suasion
demonstrably
works, as we will try to
demonstrate throughout
this story, by prepping the mind
for the message
subliminally.
ROBERT CIALDINI: There's this
interesting
study.
A guy goes to a shopping mall in
France.
And he tries to get women's
phone numbers
as they pass various shops, so
he could call
for a date.
One of them is at a shoe store.
And another was a bakery.
But in neither of those cases
was he very
successful.
He only got a number 13 percent
of the time.
But there was one kind of shop
that doubled
his success rate when women were
passing it,
a flower shop.
Why?
Because flowers put women in the
mind-set
of romance.
PAUL SOLMAN: Not consciously,
pre-suasively
by exploiting a rule of thumb
passed down
to us by evolution.
ROBERT CIALDINI: If we are
paying attention
to something, it's important.
That's how we decide to pay
attention.
But a communicator can reroute
our attention
to something that isn't
important, but make
it seem important as a
consequence.
PAUL SOLMAN: As a consequence of
the very
fact that we're subconsciously
paying attention
to it.
ROBERT CIALDINI: There is a
study that shows
that people who were asked their
political
opinions, when there was a
picture of the
American flag in the corner of
the questionnaire,
reported more favorable
attitudes toward Republican
Party positions, because the
flag is typically
associated in people's minds
with a Republican
belief set.
PAUL SOLMAN: As are churches.
And studies show that
pre-suasive cues can
subconsciously affect actual
voting.
ROBERT CIALDINI: If people vote
at a polling
place inside a church, they vote
more Republican.
If they vote at a polling place
inside a school,
they vote more Democrat.
PAUL SOLMAN: Now, marketers, or
at least some
of them, have studied
pre-suasion's potency.
One online furniture store
tested images of
fluffy clouds vs. cold hard cash
on its home
page.
ROBERT CIALDINI: Those who saw
the background
depiction of clouds searched the
site for
more comfortable furniture.
Those who went to the site that
had money
in the background became
cost-conscious and
preferred to purchase less
expensive furniture.
PAUL SOLMAN: Isn't it obvious
that our consciousness
is being affected by, what, our
perceptive
apparatus?
ROBERT CIALDINI: Almost no one
recognizes
that the clouds or the coins had
any impact
on their behavior, and yet it
did at significant
levels.
It's the cue that drives you in
the direction
of what seems more important now
because you're
focused on it.
PAUL SOLMAN: Which is why we
flashed the thinker
at the top of this story, to
pre-suade you
to ponder the puzzles we posed
at the outset,
but never answered.
What was the trick of salesman,
the job seeker,
the pricey consultant?
ROBERT CIALDINI: In each
instance, they did
something first.
PAUL SOLMAN: Starting with the
salesman who
claimed he'd forgotten something
in his car.
ROBERT CIALDINI: He created a
sense of trust,
because who do you let back into
your house
by giving them your key, except
someone you
trust?
PAUL SOLMAN: And that made
people more likely
to buy what he was selling?
ROBERT CIALDINI: Yes, because he
had created
a mind-set in them that they
were dealing
with a trustworthy character.
PAUL SOLMAN: And the guy who got
the jobs?
ROBERT CIALDINI: Before every
interview, he
asked the interviewers, why did
you bring
me in today?
What was it about my
qualifications that made
you attracted to my candidacy?
PAUL SOLMAN: And what does that
do?
ROBERT CIALDINI: It caused
people to start
focusing on the positive aspects
of his case
before they even began
discussing it.
PAUL SOLMAN: And the consultant
who never
got pushback on his fees?
ROBERT CIALDINI: He would show
prospects his
proposal and his $75,000 fee.
And he would say, as you can
tell, I won't
be able to charge you $1 million
for this.
PAUL SOLMAN: And what does that
do?
ROBERT CIALDINI: Compared to $1
million, $75,000
now seems trivial.
PAUL SOLMAN: And why did
Cialdini urge us
to lead this story with puzzles?
ROBERT CIALDINI: One way to get
pre-suasive
attention to your case is to
begin with a
mystery story.
Mysteries cause people to want
to understand,
to get closure, which caused
them, I hope,
to want to stay with the
programming and listen
until the end.
PAUL SOLMAN: So, read my palm.
ROBERT CIALDINI: Paul, I can see
that you
are a stubborn man.
PAUL SOLMAN: I'm somewhat
stubborn.
ROBERT CIALDINI: What I have
done is to send
you down a memory track where
you would encounter
times where you were stubborn.
And you would look at me and
say, that's right.
PAUL SOLMAN: And that's the
whole deal?
ROBERT CIALDINI: No.
Suppose I looked at your palm
and saw the
same thing, but said, you're a
very flexible
man.
Now I have sent you down a
memory track where
you would encounter times where
you were flexible,
and you would say to me, that's
right.
That's who I am.
PAUL SOLMAN: Well, I might not
be quite that
histrionic, but I think I would
say, yes,
I'm flexible.
ROBERT CIALDINI: And I have even
done that
with a person at a party, read
his palm, told
him he was stubborn at the
beginning, told
him that he was a flexible guy
at the end,
and he said "You're right" both
times.
PAUL SOLMAN: But, hey, Making
Sense is supposed
to be the "NewsHour"'s weekly
economics segment.
So, economics, as it's taught
and practiced,
is based on the notion of
rational maximization.
ROBERT CIALDINI: Correct.
PAUL SOLMAN: This is not
rational maximization.
ROBERT CIALDINI: No.
What new psychology suggests,
it's the factor
that is top of consciousness at
the moment
before you make that economic
decision that
will win the day.
PAUL SOLMAN: And so, from
Midtown Manhattan,
reporting stubbornly, yet
flexibly, this is
economics correspondent Paul
Solman.
JUDY WOODRUFF: Now we know.
On the "NewsHour" online right
now, meet the
newest MacArthur genius grant
winners.
And how worried should we be
about terrorism?
All that and more is on our Web
site, PBS.org/NewsHour.
GWEN IFILL: And that's the
"NewsHour" for
tonight.
I'm Gwen Ifill.
JUDY WOODRUFF: And I'm Judy
Woodruff.
Join us online and again right
here tomorrow
evening with Mark Shields and
David Brooks.
For all of us at the "PBS
NewsHour," thank
you, and good night.